Fair Source License, version 0.9

Copyright (C) 2023 Cirrus Labs, Inc.

Licensor: Cirrus Labs, Inc.

Software: Tart

Use Limitation: 100 users. User is defined as a single core of a central processing unit (CPU) used by the product.
The Use Limitation does not apply to CPUs installed in devices used by a single individual.

License Grant. Licensor hereby grants to each recipient of the
Software ("you") a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free and
fully-paid-up license, under all of the Licensor's copyright and
patent rights, to use, copy, distribute, prepare derivative works of,
publicly perform and display the Software, subject to the Use
Limitation and the conditions set forth below.

Use Limitation. The license granted above allows use by up to the
number of users per entity set forth above (the "Use Limitation"). For
determining the number of users, "you" includes all affiliates,
meaning legal entities controlling, controlled by, or under common
control with you. If you exceed the Use Limitation, your use is
subject to payment of Licensor's then-current list price for licenses.

Conditions. Redistribution in source code or other forms must include
a copy of this license document to be provided in a reasonable
manner. Any redistribution of the Software is only allowed subject to
this license.

Trademarks. This license does not grant you any right in the
trademarks, service marks, brand names or logos of Licensor.

DISCLAIMER. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OR
CONDITION, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. LICENSORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE.

Termination. If you violate the terms of this license, your rights
will terminate automatically and will not be reinstated without the
prior written consent of Licensor. Any such termination will not
affect the right of others who may have received copies of the
Software from you.
